return an empty record when asked for an addr dns with type other then A, AAAA and ANY (#10401)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/10401.txt

```release-note:bug

> return an invalid record when asked for an addr dns with type other then A and AAAA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dns: return an invalid record when asked for an addr dns with type other then A and AAAA.
```

We generally prefix the message with a label of some kind. I don't think we have a good convention for how to choose that label yet, but `dns` is probably a same option

> dns: return an invalid record when asked for an addr dns with type other then A and AAAA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dns: return an empty answer when asked for an addr dns with type other then A and AAAA.
```
